
please visit http://bit.ly/3D_Radar_Builder_Info for more info

3D Radar Builder is an editor tool which allows you to design and create radar and tracking systems
without ever needing to write a single line of code.

 So here is how to get started.

 (1) Go to the "Tools" Tab, Select "DaiMangou > Radar > Pro RadarBuilder".

 (2) The Pro Radar Builder editor Window will be displayed

 (3) If you do not currently have an object with a _3DRadar component attached then you will see this message in the editor window 
 "There is no Radar selected, you will need to add one or select an existing radar"

 (4) From that point you can select an object with a _3DRadar attached or Click "3D Radar" to create a new 3D Radar in the scene.

 (5) Once you have created a new 3D Radar you will notice that the editor window interface changes to show the "Designs" area.

 (6) In the designs area there is "Design Section A".

 (7) You will notice that in the designs are, certain values are preset. This is simply for example purposes. 

 (8) The values determined the Tracking Bounds, Inner Culling Zones, Radar Diameter, Scene Scale, and Visualize.

 Visualize- when checked, will display the result of each value you set in Design Area A except for Scene Scale

 Scene Scale - This is the position of the blips of your radar in relation to their position in world space.
 For example, if you set a scene scale of 1000, then you are stating that anything within 1000 units of your player 
 or whatever object you use as a center object; in world space  will be tracked

 Tracking Bounds - This is the range INSIDE of the radar where radar blip are able to exist without being culled. Anything outside of these bounds will be culled.

 Inner Culling Zones - This is a region inside of the Tracking bounds, Anything inside this area is culled.

 Radar Diameter - Controls the scale of the radar. It is IMPORTANT to understand that while Radar Diameter controls size of the radar.
  Your sprite may be displayed at a different size because of the way you have designed your sprite. High resolution sprites will be larger regardless of having a scale of (1,1,1).
  If you have created a radar where half of the radius of the sprite is transparent then your sprite will not match up with the Radar Diameter.

 (9) If you select "Blips" in the editor window you will see "Number of Blip types" which is set to 0. This determines how many types of 
 blips you wish to have displayed on your radar at runtime.

 (10) For each Blip in the Blips area. You can open the foldout and you then have the option to set your blips to be displayed as sprites, Meshes or Prefabs

 (11) Your settings in the blips area determine the characteristics of your blips
